Update move-logic-app-resources.md (#102213)
Azure/azure-content: articles/logic-apps/move-logic-app-resources.md

1. In the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com), find and select the logic app resource that you want to move.

> 1. On the resource's **Properties** page, under **Subscription Name**, select the **Change subscription** link.

Reviewer: Actually, on the **Overview** page, I see the following UX, so here's my suggested edits:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13206671/205704681-17ffc536-ddf8-452e-8372-29254032371e.png)

```suggestion
1. On the resource navigation menu, select **Overview**. Next to the **Subscription** label, select **move**.

    You can also go to the resource's **Properties** page, and under **Subscription Name**, select **Change subscription**.
```
